JitterBug 1.5
-------------

This file describes the basic usage of JitterBug and what all the
different fields are for. The documentation is by no means complete
but it should be enough to get new users going.

It is *highly* recommended that you read both this file and all of
CONFIG.txt. 


Login Screen
------------

The first screen (ie. web page) you see when you connect to JitterBug
is the login screen. If you are connecting as a guest user then this
screen is automatically bypassed and you are taken straight to the
main screen. This screen is also bypassed if you use the "group
authentication" option.

At the login screen you should select your JitterBug username from the
supplied list and press "Enter System". 

If you do not have a username yet then enter the username you want in
the space provided and press "Create User". After that your new
username should appear in the supplied list.

The first time a new user enters the system they will be required to
fill out their user preferences in the preferences screen.

The login screen is also displayed as the bottom pane of the main
screen. This allows you to change user easily. You can also edit your
user preferences and view the system audit trail.


Main Screen
-----------

The main screen is divided into 4 panes. 

The top pane is the introduction. It is based on intro.html or
guestintro.html depending on whether you are connected as a guest user
or not. Often these will be setup to contain links to related
resources.

The next pane is the search pane. You can select search criterion here
and press "Select Messages". This affects what messages are displayed
in the directory list pane. See the section on searching for more
details.

The directory list pane is next. This contains a list of the
directories containing all the messages in the system. Next to each
directory the number of messages that match the current search
criterion is displayed. To look at the messages in a directory click
on the directory name. You can also create a new directory by entering
its name and pressing "Create".

The login pane is next. See the description of the login screen above.


Directory View
--------------

The directory view screen shows you the messages in the selected
directory matching the current search criterion. You can page through
the messages using the "next", "prev", "first" and "last" links. The
number of messages displayed per page is customisable in the user
preferences page.

At the top of the directory view there are links to all the other
directories in the system. This is useful for jumping between
directories.

Below this the search pane appears with the same options as the search
pane on the main screen. Changes to the search criterion are carried
over between screens.

The messages themselves are shown in 3 columns. The first column shows
the message id and the number of replies and followups for that
message. Clicking on the message id takes you to the message view
screen for that message.

The 2nd column gives the subject, sender and date of the message.  The
3rd column allows you to move the message to another directory. You
can move several messages at once. When you have finished selecting
movements click on "Submit Changes".

The "Notification" field allows you to select who will receive
notification when something changes in this directory. See the
nofification section for details.


Message View
------------

The message view screen views the contents of one message. The initial
message plus any replies and followups are shown, along with any
message notes.

From this screen you can change the notes attached to the message, move
the message to another directory or reply to the message. You can also
edit the notifcation list for this message, allowing you to track
changes to the message.

The "View Audit Trail" button allows you to view changes that have
been made to the message since it arrived. 


Compose Screen
--------------

The compose screen is used to compose a reply to a message. You can
change the various mail headers and quote sections of the original
message.

You can also load a previous written FAQ answer or create a new FAQ
answer. 

When you have finished composing the reply press "Send" and the reply
is sent. Your signature is added if you selected the signature
checkbox.


Preferences Screen
------------------

The only obligatory fields in the preferences screen are the full name
and email address. The other fields are optional and should be
experimented with for best results. 


Replies and Followups
---------------------

A reply is a message that has been sent from JitterBug to answer an
incoming message. 

A followup is a reply to a reply. Followups are created when a user
sends a email reply to a JitterBug generated message. Followups are
detected by looking for the PR# automatically added to the subject
line in replies.


Notification
------------

You can ask JitterBug to notify you automatically via email when
certain actions happen. There are two types of notification lists, one
for directories and one for messages.

Notifications will be sent to the email address specified in your user
preferences. Notifications are sent for message movements, incoming
messages or changes to the notes on a message.

Notifications are not sent for actions that you peform yourself.

The names you specify in the notification list can either be JitterBug
usernames or email addresses. You can specify as many as you like in a
comma separated list.

Searching
---------

The search pane allows you to select messages using a regular
expression string search and by looking for particular message
attributes. The regular expression is applies to the full message and
any replies, followups or notes. It can be case sensitive or
case-insensitive. 

The message type radio buttons allow you to select what sort of
messages you want. The only option that really needs explanation there
is the "pending" option. A pending message is one where the date on
the last followup is later than both the last reply and the last
change to the message notes.


FAQ Handling
------------

JitterBug maintains a list of FAQ replies. When you have composed a
reply that you think you will need again then before you press send
you should type in a name for the FAQ in the space provided and press
create. The text of your reply will be added as a FAQ. You can then
press send.

When you next are replying to a message and you wish to use a
previously created FAQ then select the FAQ from the drop down list
provided and press load. You can then add any extra comments you wish
and press send.

You can update a FAQ entry by using the save button after loading
it. The current contents of the message window will replace the FAQ.
